Welcome to Course 2 of this machine learning specialization. In this course, you'll learn about neural networks, also called deep learning algorithms, as well as decision trees. These are some of the most powerful and widely used machine learning algorithms and you'd get to implement them and get them to work for yourself. One of the things you see also in this course is practical advice on how to build machine learning systems. This part of the material is quite unique to this course. When you're building a practical machine learning system, there are a lot of decisions you have to make, such as should you spend more time collecting data or should you buy a much bigger GPU to build a much bigger neural network? Even today, when I visit a leading tech company and talk to the team working there on a machine learning application, unfortunately, sometimes I look at what they've been doing for the last six months and go, gee, someone could have told you maybe even six months ago that that approach wasn't going to work that well. With some of the tips that you learn in this course, I hope that you'll be one or the ones to not waste those six months, but instead, be able to make more systematic and better decisions about how to build practical working machine learning applications. With that, let's dive in. In detail, this is what you see in the four weeks of this course. In Week 1, we'll go over neural networks and how to carry out inference or prediction. If you were to go to the Internet and download the parameters of a neural network that someone else had trained and whose parameters that posted on the Internet, then to use that neural network to make predictions would be called inference, and you learned how neural networks work, and how to do inference in this week. Next week, you'll learn how to train your own neural network. In particular, if you have a training set of labeled examples, X and Y, how do you train the parameters of a neural network for yourself? In the third week, we'll then go into practical advice for building machine learning systems and I'll share with you some tips that I think even highly paid engineers building machine learning systems very successfully today don't really always manage to consistently apply and I think that will help you build systems yourself efficiently and quickly. Then in the final week of this course, you learn about decision trees. While decision trees don't get as much buzz in the media, there's local less hype about decision trees compared to neural networks. They are also one of the widely used and very powerful learning algorithms that I think there's a good chance you end up using yourself if you end up building an application. With that, let's jump into neural networks and we're going to start by taking a quick look at how the human brain, that is how the biological brain works. Let's go on to the next video.


欢迎来到这个机器学习专业的第二门课程。在本课程中，您将学习神经网络，也称为深度学习算法，以及决策树。它们是一些最强大和广泛使用的机器学习算法，您将学习如何实现它们并使它们为您工作。本课程的另一个亮点是提供了关于如何构建机器学习系统的实用建议。当您构建实际的机器学习系统时，需要做出许多决策，例如您应该花更多时间收集数据还是购买更大的GPU来构建更大的神经网络？即使在今天，当我访问一家领先的技术公司并与他们正在处理机器学习应用的团队交谈时，有时我会看看他们在过去六个月中所做的事情，然后想，天哪，也许甚至六个月前有人就应该告诉你，那种方法可能不会那么有效。通过本课程学习到的一些技巧，我希望您能成为那些不浪费这六个月时间的人之一，而是能够更系统地和更好地决策如何构建实际工作的机器学习应用程序。接下来，让我们深入了解本课程的四个星期内容。在第一周，我们将介绍神经网络以及如何进行推理或预测。如果您要去互联网上下载另一个人训练的神经网络的参数，并使用该神经网络进行预测，那么这将被称为推理。在这一周中，您将学习神经网络的工作方式以及如何进行推理。下一周，您将学习如何训练自己的神经网络。特别是，如果您有一个带有标记示例 X 和 Y 的训练集，您将学习如何为自己训练神经网络的参数。在第三周中，我们将进入构建机器学习系统的实用建议，并分享我认为即使是今天非常成功地构建机器学习系统的高薪工程师也不一定始终能够持续应用的一些技巧，我认为这将帮助您高效快速地构建系统。然后，在本课程的最后一周，您将学习有关决策树的知识。虽然决策树在媒体上不像神经网络那样受到炒作，但它们也是广泛使用的非常强大的学习算法之一，我认为如果您最终构建应用程序，有很大的机会会使用到它们。让我们开始学习神经网络，我们将从快速了解人脑（也就是生物大脑）的工作方式开始。现在，让我们进入下一个视频。